CASMPET-6031 Document encryption should be off during an upgrade (#2718)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/kubernetes/encryption/README.md

## Table of contents

* [Upgrade limitation](#upgrade-limitation)
* [Implementation details](#implementation-details)
* [Setup](#setup)
* [Enabling encryption](#enabling-encryption)
* [Disabling encryption](#disabling-encryption)
* [Encryption status](#encryption-status)
* [Force rewrite](#force-rewrite)
* [Key rotation](#key-rotation)

## Upgrade limitation

The current implementation has a known limitation in regards to upgrades. While it is technically feasible to upgrade a cluster with encryption enabled, to minimize
boot and operational issues it is recommended to disable encryption prior to any upgrades. Failure to disable encryption will cause each control plane node to fail
to complete `cloud-init` as the default Kubernetes configuration lacks the necessary keys to decrypt etcd data.

> Once upgraded you may re-enable encryption

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once upgraded, encryption can be re-enabled.
```

    Waiting for daemon set "cray-k8s-encryption" rollout to finish: 2 of 3 updated pods are available...
    daemon set "cray-k8s-encryption" successfully rolled out
    ```

## Key rotation

Rotation of the encryption keys is similar to disabling encryption. The first cipher passed to `encryption.sh` is the cipher that will be used to encrypt secrets.

All subsequent ciphers provided allow for any secrets encrypted with that cipher to be read but will not be used for new secrets.

* (`ncn-m#`) The `encryption.sh` script needs to be run with the new key as the first switch and the existing key as a subsequent switch.

>     As shown in the following command example, always run `encryption.sh` with a leading space on the command line. This will cause Bash to not record the command in the `.bash_history` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **`NOTE`**: As shown in the following command example, always run `encryption.sh` with a leading space on the command line. This will cause Bash to not record the command in the `.bash_history` file.
```
This seems like it is important and might be overlooked by the reader when they run the command.

Author: Copy/pasted from the other lines, I can update all of them at once?

    ```bash
     /usr/share/doc/csm/scripts/operations/kubernetes/encryption.sh --enable --aescbc NEWKEYVALUE --aescbc EXISTINGKEYVALUE
    ```

    Example output:

    ```text
    ncn-m001 configuration updated ensure all control plane nodes run this same command
    ```

> Once completed, reference Encryption status for details, you may optionally remove the old key from all control plane nodes. Note that removing the old key will mean you will be unable to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once completed, reference the Encryption status for details. Optionally, the old key can be removed from all control plane nodes. Note that removing the old key will make
```

> use etcd backups that contain data with that encryption key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the etcd backups that contain data with that encryption key unusable.
```

* (`ncn-m#`) The `encryption.sh` script needs to be run again with just the new key.

>     As shown in the following command example, always run `encryption.sh` with a leading space on the command line. This will cause Bash to not record the command in the `.bash_history` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    **`NOTE`**: As shown in the following command example, always run `encryption.sh` with a leading space on the command line. This will cause Bash to not record the command in the `.bash_history` file.
```
Same comment as above.
